1: (cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'srcip'
p1
S'10.0.0.1'
p2
sS'switch'
p3
I3
sS'dstip'
p4
S'10.0.0.2'
p5
so.
18: (cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I5
so.
19: (cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I1
so.
20: (cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I2
so.
2: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I1
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
3: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I2
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
4: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I3
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
5: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I4
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
6: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I5
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
7: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I6
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
8: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I7
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
9: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I8
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
10: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I9
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
11: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I10
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
12: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I11
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
13: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I12
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
14: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I13
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
15: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I14
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
16: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I15
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
17: cpyretic.core.language
intersection
(((cpyretic.core.language
match
(dp0
S'switch'
p1
I16
socpyretic.core.language
identity
ltÅ.
